update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-grid-select-all-checkbox-in-batch-edit-mode: Readme.md

    ```aspx
    <dx:GridViewDataCheckColumn FieldName="Discontinued" VisibleIndex="6">
        <!-- ... -->
        <HeaderTemplate>
            <dx:ASPxCheckBox ID="HeaderCheckBox" ClientIDMode="Static" runat="server"
                ClientInstanceName="HeaderCheckBox" ... >
                <ClientSideEvents CheckedChanged="OnHeaderCheckBoxCheckedChanged" Init="OnInitHeader" />
            </dx:ASPxCheckBox>
        </HeaderTemplate>
        <Settings AllowSort="False" />
    </dx:GridViewDataCheckColumn>
    ```

2. Handle the editor's client-side `CheckedChanged` event. In the handler, call the grid's [SetCellValue](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGridViewBatchEditApi.SetCellValue(visibleIndex-columnFieldNameOrId-value)) method to assign a value to the specified cell based on the check box state.

    ```js
    function OnHeaderCheckBoxCheckedChanged(s, e) {
        var visibleIndices = Grid.batchEditApi.GetRowVisibleIndices();
        var totalRowsCountOnPage = visibleIndices.length;
        for (var i = 0; i < totalRowsCountOnPage ; i++) {
            Grid.batchEditApi.SetCellValue(visibleIndices[i], "Discontinued", s.GetChecked())
        }
    }
    ```

> 3. Handle the grid's client-side [BatchEditEndEditing](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGridView.BatchEditEndEditing), [BatchEditRowDeleting](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGridView.BatchEditRowDeleting), and [BatchEditRowInserting](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGridView.BatchEditRowInserting) events. In the handlers, call the `CheckSelectedCellsOnPage` function. In this function, compare the number of selected rows and the total number of visible rows. Based on a result, specify the state of the check box editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Handle the grid's client-side [BatchEditEndEditing](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGridView.BatchEditEndEditing), [BatchEditRowDeleting](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGridView.BatchEditRowDeleting), and [BatchEditRowInserting](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGridView.BatchEditRowInserting) events. In the handlers, call the `CheckSelectedCellsOnPage` function. In this function, compare the number of selected rows and the total number of visible rows. Based on a result, specify the state of the checkbox editor.
```
